Show excerpt on blog post list (#166)
kyma-project/website: docs/write-blog-posts.md

- `{AUTHOR}` is your name with an optional position name.

> - `{CONTENT}` is written in Markdown and/or HTML.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `{CONTENT}` is written in Markdown and/or HTML. The content must include the `<!-- overview -->` comment which indicates the part of the blog post that will be displayed on the main page. The **Read more** button appears at the end of the paragraph.
```

> >**NOTE:** In `{CONTENT}` must be included `<!-- overview -->` comment which indicates the part that will be shown on the blog's main page. The `Read More` button will appear shortly after that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**NOTE:** The `<!-- overview -->` comment cannot be placed at the beginning of the blog post. In such a case, the **Read more** button appears straight after the title of the blog post and the content itself is not displayed.
```
